كل Everything we know, remained not told.
مه defeated by dream crusher.
لا Nothing like it was before.
كنا We were chasing our demons.
في in the road خ empty
نش We see our calf.
تتحول turn to dust.
ن Run away from our shadows.
فقط just to end us the case again.
وكل We all know.
هذا This is not the world that was in our minds.
لكننا But we have the time.
نحن We are stuck in answers we can not find.
وعلى Although we may be lost tonight.
الأفق Horizon reminds us of a different time.
هذا This is not the world that in our mind was.
لكننا But we have the time.
إبت broken smile, tired eyes.
بإ I can feel your heart longing
نادي A club in my name, I come from afar
كنا We were fighting our demons.
فقط just to keep our ambition.
نب We build a castle just to see it fall.
كنا We have always been just to end our case here again.
والآن Now we know.
هذا This is not the world that was in our minds.
لكننا But we have the time.
نحن We are stuck in answers we can not find.
وعلى Although we may be lost tonight.
الأفق Horizon reminds us of a different time.
هذا This is not the world that was in our minds.
لكننا But we have the time.
خذ Take me back.
أعد Bring me back to the foot of the mountain.
تحت under the lights of the northern twilight.
ن chasing stars.
أعد Bring me back to the foot of the mountain.
عندما when we are full of life.
نع Go back to the beginning.
كل Both of us teach.
هذا This is not the world that was in our minds.
لكننا But we have the time.
نحن We are stuck in answers we can not find.
وعلى Although we may be lost tonight.
الأفق Horizon reminds us of a different time.
هذا This is not the world that was in our minds.
لكننا But we have the time.
Translated by Abdelhak